	Ø Vulnerability that allows an attacker to interfere with the queries that an application makes to its database.

	Ø In some situations, an attacker can escalate an SQL injection attack to compromise the underlying server or other back-end infrastructure, or perform a denial-of-service attack.

Examples
	• Retrieving hidden data, where you can modify an SQL query to return additional results.
	• Subverting application logic, where you can change a query to interfere with the application's logic.
	• UNION attacks, where you can retrieve data from different database tables.
	• Examining the database, where you can extract information about the version and structure of the database.
	• Blind SQL injection, where the results of a query you control are not returned in the application's responses.

	1. Retrieving Hidden Data
		OR 1=1: Always true hence returns all the values of a table.
		
	2. Subverting Application Logic
		'--': Comment out in SQL hence ignore specific part of a query.
		
	3. Union Attacks
		
	4. Examining The Database
		SELECT * FROM information_schema.tables: Metadata of the table
		
	5. Blind SQL Injection
		This means that the application does not return the results of the SQL query or the details of any database errors within its responses.
		
		
Detecting Vulnerabilities
	○ Submitting the single quote character ' and looking for errors or other anomalies.
	○ Submitting some SQL-specific syntax that evaluates to the base (original) value of the entry point, and to a different value, and looking for systematic differences in the resulting application responses.
	○ Submitting Boolean conditions such as OR 1=1 and OR 1=2, and looking for differences in the application's responses.
	○ Submitting payloads designed to trigger time delays when executed within an SQL query, and looking for differences in the time taken to respond.
	○ Submitting OAST payloads designed to trigger an out-of-band network interaction when executed within an SQL query, and monitoring for any resulting interactions.

Preventing Attack
---->Using parameterized queries.
	
